waifu/sql/entry/TeamEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.TeamEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.TeamEntrySet$TeamEntry
youtube/model/search/YoutubeSearch.java
 youtube.model.search.YoutubeSearch
actions/listeners/reaction/CharacterListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.CharacterListListener
 actions.listeners.reaction.CharacterListListener$1
youtube/model/playlist/Default.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Default
youtube/model/playlist/ContentDetails.java
 youtube.model.playlist.ContentDetails
messages/messages/WaifuHasMaxLevel.java
 messages.messages.WaifuHasMaxLevel
youtube/model/search/Item.java
 youtube.model.search.Item
exceptions/messages/CouldNotLoadPlayer.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotLoadPlayer
messages/messages/CharacterOverview.java
 messages.messages.CharacterOverview
waifu/sql/entry/LikedSongEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.LikedSongEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.LikedSongEntrySet$LikedSongEntry
youtube/model/playlist/PageInfo.java
 youtube.model.playlist.PageInfo
waifu/sql/commands/songs/SelectLikedSongs.java
 waifu.sql.commands.songs.SelectLikedSongs
messages/messages/ButtonNotForYou.java
 messages.messages.ButtonNotForYou
waifu/sql/entry/CharacterEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.CharacterEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.CharacterEntrySet$CharacterEntry
music/audio/Queue.java
 music.audio.Queue
music/audio/MyAudioLoadResultHandler.java
 music.audio.MyAudioLoadResultHandler
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetUser.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetUser
exceptions/messages/GuessingGameAlreadyExists.java
 exceptions.messages.GuessingGameAlreadyExists
messages/messages/ExceptionHappenedMessage.java
 messages.messages.ExceptionHappenedMessage
waifu/sql/commands/team/SelectTeamsByOwnerId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team.SelectTeamsByOwnerId
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetChannel.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetChannel
messages/messages/TeamRenamedMessage.java
 messages.messages.TeamRenamedMessage
waifu/sql/commands/team/SelectTeamsById.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team.SelectTeamsById
discord/ChannelFinder.java
 discord.ChannelFinder
music/audio/QueueElement.java
 music.audio.QueueElement
messages/messages/DiceGameExistsAlready.java
 messages.messages.DiceGameExistsAlready
actions/listeners/reaction/MyAbstractListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.MyAbstractListListener
actions/listeners/commands/utility/Disconnect.java
 actions.listeners.commands.utility.Disconnect
waifu/sql/commands/SQLCommandWithoutResult.java
 waifu.sql.commands.SQLCommandWithoutResult
youtube/model/playlist/ResourceId.java
 youtube.model.playlist.ResourceId
youtube/model/search/High.java
 youtube.model.search.High
exceptions/messages/MusicPlayerNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.MusicPlayerNotFound
waifu/sql/commands/dungeon/DeleteDungeon.java
 waifu.sql.commands.dungeon.DeleteDungeon
waifu/sql/commands/waifu/SelectWaifuById.java
 waifu.sql.commands.waifu.SelectWaifuById
exceptions/messages/CouldNotMap.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotMap
actions/listeners/commands/CommandType.java
 actions.listeners.commands.CommandType
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetServer.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetServer
exceptions/messages/CouldNotMapRecord.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotMapRecord
exceptions/messages/CouldNotFindSong.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotFindSong
actions/listeners/commands/Answer.java
 actions.listeners.commands.Answer
routines/RoutineDoubleOrNothingWithParameter.java
 routines.RoutineDoubleOrNothingWithParameter
waifu/sql/commands/waifu/SelectWaifuJoinedCharacter.java
 waifu.sql.commands.waifu.SelectWaifuJoinedCharacter
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSendMessage.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSendMessage
waifu/sql/commands/songs/InsertLikedSong.java
 waifu.sql.commands.songs.InsertLikedSong
messages/messages/Stats.java
 messages.messages.Stats
routines/RoutineSpawnWaifuBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineSpawnWaifuBuilder
waifu/sql/entry/WaifuEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.WaifuEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.WaifuEntrySet$WaifuEntry
waifu/sql/entry/AbstractEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.AbstractEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.AbstractEntrySet$AbstractEntry
messages/messages/DeleteDungeonsMessage.java
 messages.messages.DeleteDungeonsMessage
exceptions/messages/NoWaifuToClaim.java
 exceptions.messages.NoWaifuToClaim
waifu/sql/commands/songs/LikedSongExists.java
 waifu.sql.commands.songs.LikedSongExists
exceptions/messages/CouldNotFindWaifu.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotFindWaifu
waifu/sql/entry/GroupWaifuEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.GroupWaifuEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.GroupWaifuEntrySet$GroupWaifuEntry
exceptions/messages/YoutubeSearchEmpty.java
 exceptions.messages.YoutubeSearchEmpty
music/audio/QueueImpl.java
 music.audio.QueueImpl
exceptions/MyOwnException.java
 exceptions.MyOwnException
waifu/sql/commands/character/SelectCharactersById.java
 waifu.sql.commands.character.SelectCharactersById
routines/RoutineGivePointsBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineGivePointsBuilder
waifu/sql/commands/SQLCommandCheckExistence.java
 waifu.sql.commands.SQLCommandCheckExistence
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSaveLikedSong.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSaveLikedSong
waifu/sql/commands/team/SelectTeamsByDungeonChannelId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team.SelectTeamsByDungeonChannelId
youtube/model/search/Id.java
 youtube.model.search.Id
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetOpeningFromAnime.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetOpeningFromAnime
music/audio/MusicPlayer.java
 music.audio.MusicPlayer
actions/listeners/commands/group/GroupRemoveWaifu.java
 actions.listeners.commands.group.GroupRemoveWaifu
youtube/model/playlist/Playlist.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Playlist
waifu/sql/entry/WaifuCharacterEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.WaifuCharacterEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.WaifuCharacterEntrySet$WaifuCharacterEntry
waifu/sql/entry/TeamFighterEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.TeamFighterEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.TeamFighterEntrySet$TeamFighterEntry
exceptions/messages/PlayerNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.PlayerNotFound
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetDataFromApi.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetDataFromApi
waifu/sql/commands/group/SelectGroupsById.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group.SelectGroupsById
routines/Routine.java
 routines.Routine
youtube/model/playlist/Maxres.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Maxres
waifu/sql/entry/RecordEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.RecordEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.RecordEntrySet$RecordEntry
youtube/model/playlist/High.java
 youtube.model.playlist.High
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetPictures.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetPictures
waifu/sql/commands/character/SelectCharacterByWaifuId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.character.SelectCharacterByWaifuId
exceptions/messages/PlaylistNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.PlaylistNotFound
exceptions/messages/AnimeNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.AnimeNotFound
waifu/JikanFetcher.java
 waifu.JikanFetcher
music/audio/AudioSource.java
 music.audio.AudioSource
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetAnimeCharactersFromAnime.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetAnimeCharactersFromAnime
waifu/sql/entry/BattleWaifuEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.BattleWaifuEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.BattleWaifuEntrySet$BattleWaifuEntry
exceptions/ExceptionMessage.java
 exceptions.ExceptionMessage
youtube/APICaller.java
 youtube.APICaller
exceptions/messages/TimeOut.java
 exceptions.messages.TimeOut
music/audio/MusicPlayerManager.java
 music.audio.MusicPlayerManager
messages/messages/GroupNotFound.java
 messages.messages.GroupNotFound
messages/messages/DungeonCreatedMessage.java
 messages.messages.DungeonCreatedMessage
waifu/sql/mapper/AbstractMapper.java
 waifu.sql.mapper.AbstractMapper
actions/listeners/commands/gambling/DoubleOrNothing.java
 actions.listeners.commands.gambling.DoubleOrNothing
messages/messages/GroupCreated.java
 messages.messages.GroupCreated
youtube/model/playlist/Standard.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Standard
waifu/sql/commands/SQLCommandWithResult.java
 waifu.sql.commands.SQLCommandWithResult
actions/listeners/reaction/SongAddedEmbedListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.SongAddedEmbedListener
routines/RoutineAddWaifuToGroup.java
 routines.RoutineAddWaifuToGroup
waifu/sql/commands/user/SelectUsersById.java
 waifu.sql.commands.user.SelectUsersById
exceptions/messages/CouldNotFindVideo.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotFindVideo
exceptions/messages/NotEnoughResource.java
 exceptions.messages.NotEnoughResource
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetThemeFromAnime.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetThemeFromAnime
exceptions/messages/CouldNotExecuteMySQLQuery.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotExecuteMySQLQuery
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSearchForCharacter.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSearchForCharacter
messages/messages/DungeonNotFound.java
 messages.messages.DungeonNotFound
waifu/model/dungeon/Dungeon.java
 waifu.model.dungeon.Dungeon
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetRandomAnimeOnPage.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetRandomAnimeOnPage
waifu/sql/entry/GroupEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.GroupEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.GroupEntrySet$GroupEntry
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetContent.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetContent
youtube/model/playlist/Thumbnails.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Thumbnails
waifu/sql/commands/time/SelectTime.java
 waifu.sql.commands.time.SelectTime
waifu/model/dungeon/DungeonInformation.java
 waifu.model.dungeon.DungeonInformation
exceptions/messages/CouldNotStartRoutine.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotStartRoutine
messages/messages/AnimeSynopsis.java
 messages.messages.AnimeSynopsis
youtube/MyObjectMapper.java
 youtube.MyObjectMapper
exceptions/messages/WaifuAlreadyInList.java
 exceptions.messages.WaifuAlreadyInList
youtube/model/search/Thumbnails.java
 youtube.model.search.Thumbnails
waifu/loader/DungeonLoaderSql.java
 waifu.loader.DungeonLoaderSql
messages/messages/CommandNotFound.java
 messages.messages.CommandNotFound
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSearchForAnimeTitles.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSearchForAnimeTitles
waifu/sql/entry/UserEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.UserEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.UserEntrySet$UserEntry
actions/listeners/reaction/DungeonDeletionListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.DungeonDeletionListListener
discord/Emojis.java
 discord.Emojis
music/audio/MyAudioEventAdapter.java
 music.audio.MyAudioEventAdapter
messages/messages/DungeonDeleted.java
 messages.messages.DungeonDeleted
waifu/loader/DungeonLoader.java
 waifu.loader.DungeonLoader
waifu/sql/entry/DungeonEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.DungeonEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.DungeonEntrySet$DungeonEntry
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetCharacterAnime.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetCharacterAnime
waifu/sql/commands/time/InsertTimeOrUpdate.java
 waifu.sql.commands.time.InsertTimeOrUpdate
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSpawnWaifu.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSpawnWaifu
waifu/sql/mapper/LikedSongMapper.java
 waifu.sql.mapper.LikedSongMapper
embeds/DisplayableElement.java
 embeds.DisplayableElement
routines/RoutineRunner.java
 routines.RoutineRunner
exceptions/messages/ChannelNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.ChannelNotFound
messages/messages/WaifuNotFound.java
 messages.messages.WaifuNotFound
discord/RoleFinder.java
 discord.RoleFinder
actions/timer/SaveRunnable.java
 actions.timer.SaveRunnable
waifu/model/Rarities.java
 waifu.model.Rarities
 waifu.model.Rarities$1
exceptions/messages/NextSongNonExisting.java
 exceptions.messages.NextSongNonExisting
waifu/sql/entry/DungeonTeamEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.DungeonTeamEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.DungeonTeamEntrySet$DungeonTeamEntry
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/Merge.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.Merge
exceptions/messages/CouldNotPlaceTeamIntoDungeon.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotPlaceTeamIntoDungeon
waifu/model/Stats.java
 waifu.model.Stats
youtube/YoutubeFetcher.java
 youtube.YoutubeFetcher
youtube/model/playlist/Medium.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Medium
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSaveTime.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSaveTime
waifu/sql/commands/dungeon/SelectAllDungeons.java
 waifu.sql.commands.dungeon.SelectAllDungeons
messages/MessageSender.java
 messages.MessageSender
music/GuessingGame.java
 music.GuessingGame
routines/RoutineCreateDungeon.java
 routines.RoutineCreateDungeon
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetJoinedPlayer.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetJoinedPlayer
exceptions/messages/CouldNotUpdateRoles.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotUpdateRoles
waifu/sql/commands/dungeon/InsertDungeon.java
 waifu.sql.commands.dungeon.InsertDungeon
actions/listeners/reaction/SynopsisReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.SynopsisReactionListener
exceptions/messages/BattleWaifuNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.BattleWaifuNotFound
waifu/sql/entry/TimeEntrySet.java
 waifu.sql.entry.TimeEntrySet
 waifu.sql.entry.TimeEntrySet$TimeEntry
waifu/sql/commands/group_waifu/DeleteWaifuFromGroup.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group_waifu.DeleteWaifuFromGroup
actions/listeners/reaction/MyAbstractReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.MyAbstractReactionListener
exceptions/messages/UserNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.UserNotFound
waifu/sql/commands/record/SelectRecordsByDungeonId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.record.SelectRecordsByDungeonId
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetOriginFromCharachter.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetOriginFromCharachter
youtube/model/search/Default.java
 youtube.model.search.Default
messages/messages/GroupAlreadyExists.java
 messages.messages.GroupAlreadyExists
youtube/model/search/PageInfo.java
 youtube.model.search.PageInfo
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetGuessingGameByServer.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetGuessingGameByServer
waifu/sql/commands/SQLCommand.java
 waifu.sql.commands.SQLCommand
exceptions/messages/CommandWentWrong.java
 exceptions.messages.CommandWentWrong
youtube/model/playlist/Item.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Item
youtube/model/search/Snippet.java
 youtube.model.search.Snippet
youtube/model/playlist/Snippet.java
 youtube.model.playlist.Snippet
actions/listeners/reaction/CharacterReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.CharacterReactionListener
exceptions/messages/LastSongNonExisting.java
 exceptions.messages.LastSongNonExisting
waifu/model/dungeon/Inventory.java
 waifu.model.dungeon.Inventory
messages/messages/TimeIsUpMessage.java
 messages.messages.TimeIsUpMessage
music/GuessingGameManager.java
 music.GuessingGameManager
exceptions/messages/CouldNotFindGroup.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotFindGroup
messages/MessageSenderImpl.java
 messages.MessageSenderImpl
exceptions/messages/QueueNonExisting.java
 exceptions.messages.QueueNonExisting
exceptions/messages/NotAdmin.java
 exceptions.messages.NotAdmin
exceptions/messages/CouldNotGetRandomTopAnimeCharacter.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotGetRandomTopAnimeCharacter
youtube/model/search/Medium.java
 youtube.model.search.Medium
messages/messages/CharacterList.java
 messages.messages.CharacterList
actions/listeners/reaction/Mapper.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.Mapper
exceptions/messages/CouldNotFindVoiceChannel.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotFindVoiceChannel
embeds/anime/CharacterListEmbed.java
 embeds.anime.CharacterListEmbed
 embeds.anime.CharacterListEmbed$1
embeds/dungeon/DungeonListEmbed.java
 embeds.dungeon.DungeonListEmbed
routines/RoutineCreateGroup.java
 routines.RoutineCreateGroup
embeds/dungeon/DungeonsDeletionListEmbed.java
 embeds.dungeon.DungeonsDeletionListEmbed
embeds/music/QueueEmbed.java
 embeds.music.QueueEmbed
actions/listeners/commands/guess/Reveal.java
 actions.listeners.commands.guess.Reveal
actions/timer/RevealTimer.java
 actions.timer.RevealTimer
actions/listeners/commands/group/GroupCreate.java
 actions.listeners.commands.group.GroupCreate
routines/RoutineCollectDaily.java
 routines.RoutineCollectDaily
waifu/loader/WaifuLoader.java
 waifu.loader.WaifuLoader
messages/messages/GuessGameEnd.java
 messages.messages.GuessGameEnd
messages/messages/NotEnoughStardust.java
 messages.messages.NotEnoughStardust
actions/listeners/commands/CommandDistributor.java
 actions.listeners.commands.CommandDistributor
waifu/sql/commands/character/InsertCharacterOrIgnore.java
 waifu.sql.commands.character.InsertCharacterOrIgnore
actions/listeners/reaction/TeamListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.TeamListListener
routines/RoutineCreateTeam.java
 routines.RoutineCreateTeam
actions/listeners/reaction/WaifuEditListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.WaifuEditListener
messages/messages/WonMoney.java
 messages.messages.WonMoney
messages/messages/WaifuLEvelTooLow.java
 messages.messages.WaifuLEvelTooLow
messages/messages/GroupList.java
 messages.messages.GroupList
waifu/model/fighting/Fighter.java
 waifu.model.fighting.Fighter
 waifu.model.fighting.Fighter$1
actions/listeners/commands/group/GroupDelete.java
 actions.listeners.commands.group.GroupDelete
actions/listeners/reaction/AnimeStartSongReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.AnimeStartSongReactionListener
waifu/sql/commands/group/InsertGroup.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group.InsertGroup
actions/timer/SpawnWaifuTask.java
 actions.timer.SpawnWaifuTask
waifu/sql/commands/user/InsertUser.java
 waifu.sql.commands.user.InsertUser
actions/listeners/commands/group/GroupShowList.java
 actions.listeners.commands.group.GroupShowList
waifu/loader/GroupLoader.java
 waifu.loader.GroupLoader
actions/listeners/reaction/StartGuessingGameListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.StartGuessingGameListener
embeds/LostMoney.java
 embeds.LostMoney
messages/messages/DeletedWaifuOverview.java
 messages.messages.DeletedWaifuOverview
waifu/sql/commands/user/UserExists.java
 waifu.sql.commands.user.UserExists
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/DeleteFromAnime.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.DeleteFromAnime
actions/listeners/reaction/DungeonListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.DungeonListListener
messages/messages/GaveWaifu.java
 messages.messages.GaveWaifu
exceptions/messages/TeamNotAddedWaifu.java
 exceptions.messages.TeamNotAddedWaifu
messages/messages/GuessGameStarted.java
 messages.messages.GuessGameStarted
embeds/group/GroupsListEmbed.java
 embeds.group.GroupsListEmbed
routines/RoutineRemoveFromGroup.java
 routines.RoutineRemoveFromGroup
actions/listeners/reaction/AnimeInfoReactionListenerBuilder.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.AnimeInfoReactionListenerBuilder
embeds/waifu/WaifuEmbed.java
 embeds.waifu.WaifuEmbed
waifu/loader/PlayerLoaderCached.java
 waifu.loader.PlayerLoaderCached
actions/timer/TimerManager.java
 actions.timer.TimerManager
routines/RoutineShowSongs.java
 routines.RoutineShowSongs
routines/RoutineDeleteWaifusFromAnime.java
 routines.RoutineDeleteWaifusFromAnime
messages/messages/WaifuSpawn.java
 messages.messages.WaifuSpawn
messages/messages/AnimeEndingsBuilder.java
 messages.messages.AnimeEndingsBuilder
actions/listeners/reaction/QueueListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.QueueListener
waifu/sql/commands/group/DeleteGroup.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group.DeleteGroup
actions/timer/DungeonTickTask.java
 actions.timer.DungeonTickTask
routines/RoutineSpawnWaifu.java
 routines.RoutineSpawnWaifu
waifu/sql/commands/waifu/InsertWaifuOrUpdate.java
 waifu.sql.commands.waifu.InsertWaifuOrUpdate
messages/messages/TeamOverview.java
 messages.messages.TeamOverview
routines/RoutineAddToTeam.java
 routines.RoutineAddToTeam
discord/RoleChecker.java
 discord.RoleChecker
actions/listeners/commands/group/GroupAddWaifu.java
 actions.listeners.commands.group.GroupAddWaifu
routines/RoutineDoubleOrNothing.java
 routines.RoutineDoubleOrNothing
messages/messages/WaifuRarityIncreased.java
 messages.messages.WaifuRarityIncreased
waifu/sql/commands/team_fighter/SelectWaifusFromTeam.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team_fighter.SelectWaifusFromTeam
routines/RoutineDoubleOrNothingBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineDoubleOrNothingBuilder
actions/listeners/commands/utility/Stats.java
 actions.listeners.commands.utility.Stats
routines/RoutineAddToQueueBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineAddToQueueBuilder
actions/listeners/commands/ACommand.java
 actions.listeners.commands.ACommand
actions/listeners/commands/SlashCommandListener.java
 actions.listeners.commands.SlashCommandListener
waifu/model/dungeon/Team.java
 waifu.model.dungeon.Team
messages/messages/TeamEnteredDungeon.java
 messages.messages.TeamEnteredDungeon
messages/messages/WaifusAreDiffernt.java
 messages.messages.WaifusAreDiffernt
actions/listeners/reaction/AnimeOpeningEndingReactionListenerBuilder.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.AnimeOpeningEndingReactionListenerBuilder
routines/RoutineDeleteGroup.java
 routines.RoutineDeleteGroup
waifu/model/fighting/FightHistory.java
 waifu.model.fighting.FightHistory
waifu/sql/commands/battle_waifu/DeleteBattleWaifu.java
 waifu.sql.commands.battle_waifu.DeleteBattleWaifu
routines/RoutineDoubleOrNothingWithParameterBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineDoubleOrNothingWithParameterBuilder
routines/RoutineRenameTeam.java
 routines.RoutineRenameTeam
exceptions/messages/WaifuStarLevelAlreadyMax.java
 exceptions.messages.WaifuStarLevelAlreadyMax
waifu/loader/TeamLoader.java
 waifu.loader.TeamLoader
waifu/sql/commands/record/AlterRecord.java
 waifu.sql.commands.record.AlterRecord
waifu/sql/mapper/PlayerMapper.java
 waifu.sql.mapper.PlayerMapper
routines/RoutineClaim.java
 routines.RoutineClaim
exceptions/messages/TeamIsInDungeon.java
 exceptions.messages.TeamIsInDungeon
messages/messages/Merged.java
 messages.messages.Merged
waifu/sql/commands/group_waifu/DeleteWaifuFromAllGroups.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group_waifu.DeleteWaifuFromAllGroups
waifu/sql/commands/waifu/DeleteWaifu.java
 waifu.sql.commands.waifu.DeleteWaifu
messages/messages/LikedSongs.java
 messages.messages.LikedSongs
waifu/model/dungeon/DungeonTicker.java
 waifu.model.dungeon.DungeonTicker
waifu/loader/PlayerLoader.java
 waifu.loader.PlayerLoader
routines/RoutineShowWaifuList.java
 routines.RoutineShowWaifuList
waifu/WaifuBuilder.java
 waifu.WaifuBuilder
embeds/waifu/DeleteWaifuListEmbed.java
 embeds.waifu.DeleteWaifuListEmbed
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/TeamExpand.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.TeamExpand
exceptions/messages/CouldNotSavePlayer.java
 exceptions.messages.CouldNotSavePlayer
waifu/sql/commands/group_waifu/DeleteAllWaifusFromGroup.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group_waifu.DeleteAllWaifusFromGroup
actions/listeners/reaction/SongsListReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.SongsListReactionListener
embeds/waifu/WaifuListEmbed.java
 embeds.waifu.WaifuListEmbed
actions/timer/RevealTimerBuilder.java
 actions.timer.RevealTimerBuilder
routines/RoutineRevealBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineRevealBuilder
messages/messages/WaifusDeleted.java
 messages.messages.WaifusDeleted
messages/messages/TeamCouldNotEnterDungeonMessage.java
 messages.messages.TeamCouldNotEnterDungeonMessage
waifu/model/Group.java
 waifu.model.Group
routines/RoutineStartGuessingGame.java
 routines.RoutineStartGuessingGame
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/GiveWaifu.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.GiveWaifu
waifu/sql/commands/group/SelectGroupsByOwnerId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group.SelectGroupsByOwnerId
messages/messages/SongQueueMessage.java
 messages.messages.SongQueueMessage
messages/messages/TeamKilled.java
 messages.messages.TeamKilled
exceptions/messages/TeamIsFull.java
 exceptions.messages.TeamIsFull
routines/RoutineMergeWaifus.java
 routines.RoutineMergeWaifus
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/Spawn.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.Spawn
messages/messages/WaifuList.java
 messages.messages.WaifuList
messages/messages/TeamInventoryNotEmpty.java
 messages.messages.TeamInventoryNotEmpty
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/Claim.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.Claim
waifu/sql/commands/user/AlterUser.java
 waifu.sql.commands.user.AlterUser
waifu/sql/commands/record/InsertRecord.java
 waifu.sql.commands.record.InsertRecord
waifu/sql/commands/battle_waifu/SelectBattleWaifuByUserId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.battle_waifu.SelectBattleWaifuByUserId
routines/RoutineShowGroupListBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineShowGroupListBuilder
routines/RoutineReveal.java
 routines.RoutineReveal
routines/RoutineShowSongsBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineShowSongsBuilder
messages/messages/ExpandedList.java
 messages.messages.ExpandedList
routines/RoutineExpandTeam.java
 routines.RoutineExpandTeam
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/TeamCreate.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.TeamCreate
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/TeamsList.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.TeamsList
routines/RoutineGuessBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineGuessBuilder
routines/RoutineRemoveFromTeam.java
 routines.RoutineRemoveFromTeam
waifu/sql/commands/team_fighter/DeleteTeamFighter.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team_fighter.DeleteTeamFighter
waifu/model/dungeon/Record.java
 waifu.model.dungeon.Record
 waifu.model.dungeon.Record$RecordTypes
actions/listeners/commands/guess/Guess.java
 actions.listeners.commands.guess.Guess
embeds/music/LikedSongsEmbed.java
 embeds.music.LikedSongsEmbed
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/CreateDungeon.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.CreateDungeon
actions/listeners/commands/gambling/DoubleOrNothingWithParameter.java
 actions.listeners.commands.gambling.DoubleOrNothingWithParameter
routines/RoutineShowGroupBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineShowGroupBuilder
actions/listeners/reaction/GroupListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.GroupListListener
waifu/WaifuSpawnManager.java
 waifu.WaifuSpawnManager
exceptions/messages/TeamNotFound.java
 exceptions.messages.TeamNotFound
actions/timer/GivePointsTask.java
 actions.timer.GivePointsTask
waifu/model/Waifu.java
 waifu.model.Waifu
routines/RoutineShowWaifuById.java
 routines.RoutineShowWaifuById
routines/RoutineShowWaifuListBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineShowWaifuListBuilder
waifu/sql/commands/group_waifu/GroupWaifuExists.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group_waifu.GroupWaifuExists
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/Daily.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.Daily
messages/messages/AnimeOpeningsBuilder.java
 messages.messages.AnimeOpeningsBuilder
routines/RoutineGuess.java
 routines.RoutineGuess
routines/RoutineStartGuessingGameBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineStartGuessingGameBuilder
routines/RoutineAddToQueue.java
 routines.RoutineAddToQueue
waifu/model/Player.java
 waifu.model.Player
routines/RunningEnvironment.java
 routines.RunningEnvironment
waifu/sql/commands/team/InsertTeamOrUpdate.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team.InsertTeamOrUpdate
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/TeamRename.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.TeamRename
messages/messages/DailyAlreadyUsed.java
 messages.messages.DailyAlreadyUsed
routines/RoutineClaimBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineClaimBuilder
messages/messages/ChangedPicture.java
 messages.messages.ChangedPicture
messages/messages/WaifuSpawned.java
 messages.messages.WaifuSpawned
actions/listeners/reaction/AnimeInfoReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.AnimeInfoReactionListener
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/GiveMoney.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.GiveMoney
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/Delete.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.Delete
messages/messages/WaifuToClaimWas.java
 messages.messages.WaifuToClaimWas
routines/RoutineShowGroupList.java
 routines.RoutineShowGroupList
routines/RoutineGiveWaifu.java
 routines.RoutineGiveWaifu
exceptions/messages/WaifuInTeam.java
 exceptions.messages.WaifuInTeam
waifu/loader/WaifuLoaderSql.java
 waifu.loader.WaifuLoaderSql
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/DeleteDungeons.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.DeleteDungeons
messages/messages/TeamNotAtFullHealth.java
 messages.messages.TeamNotAtFullHealth
messages/messages/AnimeOpenings.java
 messages.messages.AnimeOpenings
actions/listeners/commands/guess/StartGuessingGame.java
 actions.listeners.commands.guess.StartGuessingGame
actions/listeners/reaction/TeamEditListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.TeamEditListener
actions/listeners/reaction/AnimeOpeningEndingReactionListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.AnimeOpeningEndingReactionListener
messages/messages/AnimeEndings.java
 messages.messages.AnimeEndings
exceptions/messages/ReachedMaxWaifus.java
 exceptions.messages.ReachedMaxWaifus
messages/messages/DungeonList.java
 messages.messages.DungeonList
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/Expand.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.Expand
routines/RoutineShowGroup.java
 routines.RoutineShowGroup
waifu/loader/PlayerLoaderSql.java
 waifu.loader.PlayerLoaderSql
actions/listeners/reaction/WaifuListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.WaifuListListener
routines/RoutineGiveWaifuBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineGiveWaifuBuilder
messages/messages/GuessGameEndBuilder.java
 messages.messages.GuessGameEndBuilder
messages/messages/GroupOverview.java
 messages.messages.GroupOverview
messages/messages/WaifuDeleted.java
 messages.messages.WaifuDeleted
routines/RoutineShowWaifuByIdBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineShowWaifuByIdBuilder
waifu/sql/commands/battle_waifu/InsertBattleWaifu.java
 waifu.sql.commands.battle_waifu.InsertBattleWaifu
waifu/sql/commands/battle_waifu/BattleWaifuExists.java
 waifu.sql.commands.battle_waifu.BattleWaifuExists
waifu/sql/commands/record/RecordExistst.java
 waifu.sql.commands.record.RecordExistst
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/TeamAdd.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.TeamAdd
actions/listeners/commands/music/Play.java
 actions.listeners.commands.music.Play
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/ShowWaifuList.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.ShowWaifuList
actions/listeners/join/JoinListener.java
 actions.listeners.join.JoinListener
routines/RoutineDungeonTickBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineDungeonTickBuilder
messages/messages/WaifuStats.java
 messages.messages.WaifuStats
messages/messages/TeamsOverview.java
 messages.messages.TeamsOverview
messages/messages/DailyUsed.java
 messages.messages.DailyUsed
actions/listeners/reaction/DeleteWaifuListListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.DeleteWaifuListListener
messages/messages/GaveMoney.java
 messages.messages.GaveMoney
waifu/sql/commands/group/GroupExistst.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group.GroupExistst
messages/messages/GuessedRight.java
 messages.messages.GuessedRight
routines/RoutineGiveMoney.java
 routines.RoutineGiveMoney
routines/RoutineSpawnWaifuCommand.java
 routines.RoutineSpawnWaifuCommand
actions/listeners/commands/music/Songs.java
 actions.listeners.commands.music.Songs
embeds/dungeon/TeamsListEmbed.java
 embeds.dungeon.TeamsListEmbed
actions/listeners/reaction/GroupListener.java
 actions.listeners.reaction.GroupListener
waifu/loader/TeamLoaderSql.java
 waifu.loader.TeamLoaderSql
messages/messages/AnimeInformation.java
 messages.messages.AnimeInformation
waifu/sql/commands/team_fighter/InsertTeamFighterOrUpdate.java
 waifu.sql.commands.team_fighter.InsertTeamFighterOrUpdate
messages/messages/TeamIsLow.java
 messages.messages.TeamIsLow
messages/messages/GuessedWrong.java
 messages.messages.GuessedWrong
waifu/sql/commands/group_waifu/SelectWaifusFromGroup.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group_waifu.SelectWaifusFromGroup
waifu/sql/commands/group_waifu/InsertGroupWaifu.java
 waifu.sql.commands.group_waifu.InsertGroupWaifu
waifu/sql/commands/waifu/SelectWaifusByOwnerId.java
 waifu.sql.commands.waifu.SelectWaifusByOwnerId
actions/listeners/commands/music/ShowQueue.java
 actions.listeners.commands.music.ShowQueue
actions/listeners/commands/music/Stop.java
 actions.listeners.commands.music.Stop
routines/RoutineDungeonTick.java
 routines.RoutineDungeonTick
waifu/sql/commands/battle_waifu/AlterBattleWaifu.java
 waifu.sql.commands.battle_waifu.AlterBattleWaifu
messages/messages/SongAdded.java
 messages.messages.SongAdded
actions/listeners/commands/dungeon/TeamRemove.java
 actions.listeners.commands.dungeon.TeamRemove
routines/RoutineDeleteWaifusFromTo.java
 routines.RoutineDeleteWaifusFromTo
actions/listeners/commands/waifu/DeleteFromTo.java
 actions.listeners.commands.waifu.DeleteFromTo
routines/RoutineSpawnWaifuCommandBuilder.java
 routines.RoutineSpawnWaifuCommandBuilder
messages/messages/TeamGavePocketMessage.java
 messages.messages.TeamGavePocketMessage
routines/RoutineGivePoints.java
 routines.RoutineGivePoints
embeds/waifu/WaifuSpawnEmbed.java
 embeds.waifu.WaifuSpawnEmbed
waifu/model/fighting/Attack.java
 waifu.model.fighting.Attack
embeds/group/GroupEmbed.java
 embeds.group.GroupEmbed
embeds/StatEmbed.java
 embeds.StatEmbed
de/kraml/MyModule.java
 de.kraml.MyModule
embeds/dungeon/TeamEmbed.java
 embeds.dungeon.TeamEmbed
embeds/waifu/WaifuDeletedEmbed.java
 embeds.waifu.WaifuDeletedEmbed
embeds/fight/StartFightEmbed.java
 embeds.fight.StartFightEmbed
embeds/MyListEmbed.java
 embeds.MyListEmbed
waifu/sql/Connector.java
 waifu.sql.Connector
embeds/anime/AnimeSongEmbed.java
 embeds.anime.AnimeSongEmbed
de/kraml/Terminal.java
 de.kraml.Terminal
embeds/dungeon/DungeonCreatedEmbed.java
 embeds.dungeon.DungeonCreatedEmbed
embeds/guess/GuessEndEmbed.java
 embeds.guess.GuessEndEmbed
embeds/anime/AnimeSynopsisEmbed.java
 embeds.anime.AnimeSynopsisEmbed
de/kraml/Main.java
 de.kraml.Main
embeds/anime/CharacterEmbed.java
 embeds.anime.CharacterEmbed
embeds/dungeon/DungeonEmbed.java
 embeds.dungeon.DungeonEmbed
embeds/anime/AnimeEmbed.java
 embeds.anime.AnimeEmbed
messages/MyMessage.java
 messages.MyMessage
embeds/ExceptionEmbed.java
 embeds.ExceptionEmbed
embeds/music/SongAddedEmbed.java
 embeds.music.SongAddedEmbed
embeds/guess/GuessStartEmbed.java
 embeds.guess.GuessStartEmbed
